After this ceremony, the Harrison family will finally be considered make-a-wood city royalty.
Only after then, my darling, we can get married.
Laura, what are you doing here?
Security? Get that woman out of here! We don't need cleanness at this event!
Why wouldn't I be here? This is a business event, after all?
Business? You wouldn't know business if you ate you on the head.
A fancy dress doesn't make you high society, honey. Just get out!
Don't tell me you've come looking for another rich man to play mistress for.
You should have taken my $100,000 offer.
Oh, Ben. Do you really think that you can sign this contract without me?
Laura, this is really important for me. Do not ruin this, okay?
You don't belong here. Just get out! That's what you get.
This contract is mine to give or take away as I see fit.
Don't be ridiculous. This is insane. Who do you think you are?
Yeah, put that down. You have no idea what you're doing.
Security? She's lost her mind. This is a disaster!
Ben, this contract was supposed to be my birthday present to you, but since you clearly don't deserve it.